Update valid-community-issues.md list of required keys (#21313)
github/docs: data/reusables/repositories/valid-community-issues.md

> To be included in the community profile checklist, issue templates must be located in the `.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE` folder and contain valid `name:` and `description:` YAML front matter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be included in the community profile checklist, issue templates must be located in the `.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE` folder and contain valid `name:` and `about:` keys in the YAML frontmatter (for issue templates defined in `.md` files) or valid `name:` and `description:` keys (for issue forms defined in `.yml` files).
```
